app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Addon/WordPressSEO app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Addon/WordPressSEO
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Addon/Yarpp app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Addon/Yarpp
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Block app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Block
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Controller app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Controller
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Exception.php app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Exception.php
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Helper app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Helper
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/lib app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/lib
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Model app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/Model
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/change-log.txt app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/change-log.txt
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/controllers app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/controllers
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/etc app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/etc
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/sql app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/sql
app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/wptheme app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress/wptheme
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/wordpress.xml app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/wordpress.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/wordpress app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/wordpress
app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/wordpress.xml app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/wordpress.xml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/wordpress app/design/frontend/base/default/template/wordpress
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/wordpress-addons/yarpp app/design/frontend/base/default/template/wordpress-addons/yarpp
app/etc/modules/Fishpig_Wordpress.xml app/etc/modules/Fishpig_Wordpress.xml
app/locale/cs_CZ/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/cs_CZ/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/da_DK/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/de_DE/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/en_GB/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/en_US/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/en_US/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/es_ES/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/es_ES/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/it_IT/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/ja_JP/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/nb_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/nb_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/nn_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/pl_PL/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/pt_BR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv 
app/locale/pt_PT/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/pt_PT/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/ru_RU/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv 
app/locale/sl_SI/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/sl_SI/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/sv_SE/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/tr_TR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/zh_CN/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv app/locale/zh_CN/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
js/fishpig/wordpress/lightbox.js js/fishpig/wordpress/lightbox.js
js/fishpig/wordpress/update.js js/fishpig/wordpress/update.js
skin/frontend/base/default/wordpress skin/frontend/base/default/wordpress
